Add a cookbook section and a an article about links (#978)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/cookbook/index.rst

========
Cookbook
========

> This sections shows common idioms, approaches and recipes for using EdgeDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These sections show common idioms, approaches, and recipes for using EdgeDB.
```
